breath ago missions were quiet without
Fenris here not Ritchie it's like did I
probably should have told everyone that
I am recording this so it may be used
against you on the Internet
okay I guess I can bring my a jokes now
I was just thinking how freeing it was
without Ritchie recording silly me I
didn't feel like I had to be on my best
behavior I know right okay fine
why is everybody ready for guild
missions
Wow Wow
I heard that funny joke from the Mitel
Tron yes he said have you heard that
story about the miner from Allah he
likes digging up or it is amazing I
nobody better failed jumping puzzles cuz
we don't regard me well this is their
bacon it's always bacon legendary bacon
I'm in 1b folks just got a slab of red
meat does that count
can I get a rifle that fires bacon as a
legendary you should keep that bacon
shooter in mind for my a legendary
contest you could win the dreamer cuz
that's the one you want right it is the
one I want how did you know I really
need an underwater super adventure
weapon do they even have those no super
adventure boxes redheaded stepchild that
was really popular in kindergarten but
then in second grade wait redheads Jeff
fells popular in kindergarten well
they're kind of cute back then trying to
think where that's going
I've never been popular in kindergarten
every year he goes back and tries never
peg blazes redhead I'm so sorry
they online games to get away from your
identity as a redhead now all my
characters are redheads even the char
another guild has the rush going right
now but it's got 26 minutes on it
I wants to give this spiel don't mess up
some people go earlier than others good
oh yeah we don't have a list analyst
maybe you must give this real was it
this the rush he'll do the rush whoever
finishes last makes a noise that the
person who finishes first picks a
creature oh what the person officials
last us to make this is why we do she do
the announcement yeah you a nice quick
simple as for penalties ten-second
penalties are Aurora PG Fenris inks and
blaze 20 second penalty is Matson
clouded 30 second penalties are rend are
Rio sir and Jace three two one go
I don't see the timer at all weird well
no it's not you're not actually
invisible enemies see you an attack you
yeah good luck though that will make you
invisible
damnit gift
you kept pausing I was gonna try and
prepare it so I could get it before you
did if we cross the finish line we
argued and I just went behind so what's
the animal I'm gonna say a barracuda a
sawtooth Barracuda specifically tomorrow
Roy do it for group two or if you don't
you usually pretty entertain noses so
that works too
compared to me I just passed 13 yep
I'm last man better than me what do I
have to do this all - Barracuda
offenders loss so he will be making a
sawtooth Barracuda noise whenever he sir
that was pretty damn good it was ready
as I dive I'm impressed
how did you our researchers such as
Barracuda sounds I'm actually a
barracuda in disguise Barracuda
but I have a feeling that a quad engine
sing that song we were just work I think
that I get my bacon okay I was fun but I
was a bacon
what he's saying is bacon is better than
guilt missions no I just I was told
there would be bacon the bacon is a lie
I've had everybody you did good
now go back and have some fun
you